Pedagogy Guide (#49)
data-8/zero-to-data-8: content/v2/pedagogy/connectors.md

<!-- #region -->
# Connector courses

> Connectors are two-unit (usually) courses which give students an in-depth introduction into the use of the data science toolkit and concepts in a particular field. Connector courses vary every semester, but are usually within the domain of social sciences. Connectors are not an official part of Data 8, though they play a crucial role in the data science education ecosystem with the DSEP (Data Science Education Program). Students are encouraged to take them together with Data 8 or a semester after they take Data 8.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connectors are one or two-unit courses which give students an in-depth introduction into the use of the data science toolkit and concepts in a particular field. Connector courses vary every semester, but are usually within the domain of social sciences. Connectors are not an official part of Data 8, though they play a crucial role in the data science education ecosystem with the DSEP (Data Science Education Program). Students are encouraged to take them together with Data 8 or a semester after they take Data 8.
```

For more information about connector courses, check out [The Data Science Connector Courses Page](https://data.berkeley.edu/education/connectors)

# Modules 

Modules are short explorations into data science that can be implemented into (almost) any class on campus. Modules allow students to explore a data set relevant to their course with the help of the data science toolkit. 

> Like connectors, modules vary widely, and can be customized to fit each instructor's need and objective for the course. A module might include one or two lectures on analyzing course-relevant data and learning how to interpret the graphs, or they can be a set of labs in which students will learn the basics of programming and statistics which they can apply to their field of studies; some modules can also include a final class project ran in Jupyter Notebooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like connectors, modules vary widely, and can be customized to fit each instructor's need and objective for the course. A module might include one or two lectures on analyzing course-relevant data and learning how to interpret the graphs, or they can be a set of labs in which students will learn the basics of programming and statistics which they can apply to their field of studies. Some modules also include a final class project run completely within Jupyter Notebooks.
```
